README.md, before:

# Financial Remedy Case Orchestration Service

This application orchestrates a workflow based on the requested business requirement.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- [JDK 11](https://www.oracle.com/java)

### Building

The project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org) as a build tool but you don't have to install it locally since there is a
`./gradlew` wrapper script.

To build project please execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

To get the project to build in IntelliJ IDEA, you have to:

 - Install the Lombok plugin: Preferences -> Plugins
 - Enable Annotation Processing: Preferences -> Build, Execution, Deployment -> Compiler -> Annotation Processors

### Running the service in isolation

You can run the application by executing following command:

```bash
./gradlew bootRun
```

The application will start locally on: `http://localhost:9000`

### Running the service with CCD (and IDAM) locally (Developers and QA)

The best way to develop and test services in Financial Remedy is to use `rse-cft-lib` plugin by running:

```bash
./gradlew bootWithCCD
```

This will spin up finrem-case-orchestration along with the base CCD services 
and a few docker containers for Postgres, ES, LS and XUI:

on `build.gradle` you can find our customisation for the plugin task on `bootWithCCD`:

- if running it with `authMode = uk.gov.hmcts.rse.AuthMode.AAT`, 
an `.aat-env` file is needed so the automated process can set up the environment variables
to point the services to AAT. As these will contain service keys, we are not keeping these under source control, 
ask a colleague to provide them or copy them from the pods running in AAT.
(As AAT is heavily used on this setup you must be always on the VPN)

- if running it with `authMode = uk.gov.hmcts.rse.AuthMode.Local` in addition to CCD services an IDAM and S2S simulators
are also made available so there is no dependency on AAT. 

  
On both scenarios an automated process will generate and import the definitions directly from your checked out
`finrem-ccd-definitions` project, which must be present on the same directory level as the `finrem-case-orchestration` folder.

In case you are not logged in you must run the below commands 
(only the first time you are spinning up the service) 
to download the service images from Azure Registry.
```bash
az acr login --name hmctspublic --subscription DCD-CNP-Prod
az acr login --name hmctsprivate --subscription DCD-CNP-Prod
```
#### Gotchas on macOS
- You must have Docker Desktop running; the AAT setup requires 3GB memory minimum and the Local setup will vary depending on how many services you will be running locally

- The IDAM Simulator runs on port 5000, so it is necessary to disable macOS' AirPlay Receiver server in: 
Settings > Sharing > AirPlay Receiver

### API documentation

API documentation is provided with Swagger. This is available locally at: `http://localhost:9000/swagger-ui.html`

## Setup User/Roles, CCD definition file

### Create User/Roles

To create the users/role run the following command:

```bash
./bin/create-roles-users.sh
```
### Import definition file

To import the Financial Remedy CCD definition file, run the following command:

```bash
./bin/ccd-import-definition.sh <<Finrem_Definition_File_Path>>
```

### Load pba reference data using new endpoints of PRD

To load reference data ( organisation, user and pba account: PBA0222), run the following command.

Go to **bin** folder,

```bash
./load-pba-reference-data.sh
```

## Testing

### Unit tests

To run all unit tests and local functional tests please execute following command:

```bash
./gradlew test
```

### Coding style tests

To run all checks (including unit tests) please execute following command:

```bash
./gradlew check
```

### Mutation tests

To run all mutation tests execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew pitest
```

### Running functional tests locally pointing to AAT

1. Make a copy of `src/main/resources/example-application-aat.properties` as `src/main/resources/application-aat.properties`
2. Make a copy of `src/functionalTests/resources/example-application-local.properties` as `src/functionalTests/resources/application-local.properties`
3. Replace the `replace_me` secrets in both of the _newly created_ files.
   You can get the values from SCM and Azure secrets key vault (the new files are in .gitignore and should ***not*** be committed to git)
4. Start the app with AAT config using `./gradlew clean bootRunAat`
5. Start the test with AAT config using `./gradlew clean functional`

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.
For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

DFR-1086 Configure Pipelines for Additional Tests (#693)
* DFR-1086 Check labels and run tests

Check labels and run tests

* DFR-1086 Update Readme

Update Readme

* DFR-1086 Remove pipeline trigger

Remove pipeline trigger

* DFR-1086 Refactor var name for consistency

Refactor variable name for consistency

* DFR-1086 Rename enable_all label

Rename enable_all to enable_all_tests_and_scans

* DFR-1086 Fix checkLabel()

Fix checkLabel()

Co-authored-by: rishikrsharma <rishikrsharma@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Financial Remedy Case Orchestration Service

This application orchestrates a workflow based on the requested business requirement.

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

- [JDK 11](https://www.oracle.com/java)

### Building

The project uses [Gradle](https://gradle.org) as a build tool but you don't have to install it locally since there is a
`./gradlew` wrapper script.

To build project please execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew build
```

To get the project to build in IntelliJ IDEA, you have to:

 - Install the Lombok plugin: Preferences -> Plugins
 - Enable Annotation Processing: Preferences -> Build, Execution, Deployment -> Compiler -> Annotation Processors

### Running the service in isolation

You can run the application by executing following command:

```bash
./gradlew bootRun
```

The application will start locally on: `http://localhost:9000`

### Running the service with CCD (and IDAM) locally (Developers and QA)

The best way to develop and test services in Financial Remedy is to use `rse-cft-lib` plugin by running:

```bash
./gradlew bootWithCCD
```

This will spin up finrem-case-orchestration along with the base CCD services 
and a few docker containers for Postgres, ES, LS and XUI:

on `build.gradle` you can find our customisation for the plugin task on `bootWithCCD`:

- if running it with `authMode = uk.gov.hmcts.rse.AuthMode.AAT`, 
an `.aat-env` file is needed so the automated process can set up the environment variables
to point the services to AAT. As these will contain service keys, we are not keeping these under source control, 
ask a colleague to provide them or copy them from the pods running in AAT.
(As AAT is heavily used on this setup you must be always on the VPN)

- if running it with `authMode = uk.gov.hmcts.rse.AuthMode.Local` in addition to CCD services an IDAM and S2S simulators
are also made available so there is no dependency on AAT. 

  
On both scenarios an automated process will generate and import the definitions directly from your checked out
`finrem-ccd-definitions` project, which must be present on the same directory level as the `finrem-case-orchestration` folder.

In case you are not logged in you must run the below commands 
(only the first time you are spinning up the service) 
to download the service images from Azure Registry.
```bash
az acr login --name hmctspublic --subscription DCD-CNP-Prod
az acr login --name hmctsprivate --subscription DCD-CNP-Prod
```
#### Gotchas on macOS
- You must have Docker Desktop running; the AAT setup requires 3GB memory minimum and the Local setup will vary depending on how many services you will be running locally

- The IDAM Simulator runs on port 5000, so it is necessary to disable macOS' AirPlay Receiver server in: 
Settings > Sharing > AirPlay Receiver

### API documentation

API documentation is provided with Swagger. This is available locally at: `http://localhost:9000/swagger-ui.html`

## Setup User/Roles, CCD definition file

### Create User/Roles

To create the users/role run the following command:

```bash
./bin/create-roles-users.sh
```
### Import definition file

To import the Financial Remedy CCD definition file, run the following command:

```bash
./bin/ccd-import-definition.sh <<Finrem_Definition_File_Path>>
```

### Load pba reference data using new endpoints of PRD

To load reference data ( organisation, user and pba account: PBA0222), run the following command.

Go to **bin** folder,

```bash
./load-pba-reference-data.sh
```

## Testing

### Unit tests

To run all unit tests and local functional tests please execute following command:

```bash
./gradlew test
```

### Coding style tests

To run all checks (including unit tests) please execute following command:

```bash
./gradlew check
```

### Mutation tests

To run all mutation tests execute the following command:

```bash
./gradlew pitest
```

### Running functional tests locally pointing to AAT

1. Make a copy of `src/main/resources/example-application-aat.properties` as `src/main/resources/application-aat.properties`
2. Make a copy of `src/functionalTests/resources/example-application-local.properties` as `src/functionalTests/resources/application-local.properties`
3. Replace the `replace_me` secrets in both of the _newly created_ files.
   You can get the values from SCM and Azure secrets key vault (the new files are in .gitignore and should ***not*** be committed to git)
4. Start the app with AAT config using `./gradlew clean bootRunAat`
5. Start the test with AAT config using `./gradlew clean functional`

### Running additional tests in the Jenkins PR Pipeline

1. Add one or more appropriate labels to your PR in GitHub. Valid labels are:

- ```enable_security_scan```
- ```enable_mutation_test```
- ```enable_fortify_scan```
- ```enable_all_tests_and_scans```

2. Trigger a build of your PR in Jenkins.  Once the regular pipeline completes, the nightly pipeline will trigger to execute your chosen test(s).

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning.
For the versions available, see the tags on this repository.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
